README.md, before:

## Introduction
This repository explores 8 extremely simple and well-defined coding exercises.

Each exercise is completed twice: first a minimalistic approach is taken, followed by a more elaborate one.
Details on the exercises and approaches are documented below.

## Minimalistic Approach
First, a minimal, naive approach is taken.
The goal is to minimize the time to complete the exercises, while also writing the (arguably) most intuitive and simple solution to the proposed problems.

All solutions developed under this approach are available in the `minimalistic` directory.

The code is written in Python (version 3.11.4). There is no specific reason for using Python, most general-purpose programming languages are well-suited for solving the exercises with this approach.

## Elaborate Approach
For this approach, some properties of the proposed problems are expanded upon, leading to more complex tasks. The objective is to showcase how these simple programming exercises relate to real-world problems, as well as some more advanced techniques to solve them.

Solutions developed under this approach are available in the `elaborate` directory. The solution for each exercise is contained within its own subdirectory. The elaborations on the problems and proposed solutions are documented in the `README.md` file in each exercise subdirectory.

For this approach, no single programming language is used. Each solution is written in a language that the author believes better fits the requirements of the problem, with brief justifications for each choice documented in the `README.md` files.

## The Exercises
The exercises are from an undisclosed external source and are described bellow, in verbatim.

#### Exercise 1: Simple Calculator
Create a calculator that takes two numbers and an operator (+, -, \*, /) and returns the result of the operation.

#### Exercise 2: Prime Numbers
Write a function that checks whether a number is prime or not. Then create a program that prints the first 10 prime numbers.

#### Exercise 3: Factorial
Write a function to calculate the factorial of a number. Next, create a program that allows the user to enter a number and displays the corresponding factorial.

#### Exercise 4: Palindrome
Create a function that checks whether a word is a palindrome (that is, whether it reads the same backwards and forwards). The program must ask the user for a word and inform whether or not it is a palindrome.

#### Exercise 5: Table
Create a program that receives a number from the user and displays the table of that number, from 1 to 10.

#### Exercise 6: Vowel Counter
Create a function that counts the number of vowels in a string. The program should ask the user for a sentence and display how many vowels it has.

#### Exercise 7: Grade Average
Create a program that takes a student's grades in three different subjects and calculates the average of the grades. Then display the calculated average.

#### Exercise 8: Interest Calculation
Create a function that calculates the final value of an investment based on initial capital, interest rate, and investment time (in months). The program must prompt the user for these values and display the final value.

Commit message:

Rewrite introduction and initial sections of the README to better document the state of the repository

README.md, after:

## Introduction
This repository explores 8 extremely simple and well-defined coding exercises.

All exercises will be solved using a minimal, naive approach,
with the goal of minimizing the time to complete them
and writing the (arguably) most intuitive and simple solutions to the proposed problems.

Solutions to all exercises are available in the `minimalistic` directory.
The code is written in Python (version 3.11.4).

Additionaly, we will also do an in-depth exploration of the factorial problem (exercise 3).
The objective is to showcase how a seemingly simple programming exercise can relate to
complex real-world problems, as well as more advanced techniques to solve them.
This exploration can be found under the directory `elaborate/3-factorial`
and a `README.md` will be provided there, documenting all the analyzed problems and solutions.

## The Exercises
The exercises are from an undisclosed external source and are described below, in verbatim.

#### Exercise 1: Simple Calculator
Create a calculator that takes two numbers and an operator (+, -, \*, /) and returns the result of the operation.

#### Exercise 2: Prime Numbers
Write a function that checks whether a number is prime or not. Then create a program that prints the first 10 prime numbers.

#### Exercise 3: Factorial
Write a function to calculate the factorial of a number. Next, create a program that allows the user to enter a number and displays the corresponding factorial.

#### Exercise 4: Palindrome
Create a function that checks whether a word is a palindrome (that is, whether it reads the same backwards and forwards). The program must ask the user for a word and inform whether or not it is a palindrome.

#### Exercise 5: Table
Create a program that receives a number from the user and displays the table of that number, from 1 to 10.

#### Exercise 6: Vowel Counter
Create a function that counts the number of vowels in a string. The program should ask the user for a sentence and display how many vowels it has.

#### Exercise 7: Grade Average
Create a program that takes a student's grades in three different subjects and calculates the average of the grades. Then display the calculated average.

#### Exercise 8: Interest Calculation
Create a function that calculates the final value of an investment based on initial capital, interest rate, and investment time (in months). The program must prompt the user for these values and display the final value.
